release review period link (#361)
chaoss/wg-evolution: metrics/New_Contributors.md

Question:  How many contributors are making their first contribution to a given project and who are they?

> _This metric is a release candidate The 30 day comment period for this metric begins on 07/01/2020 and ends on 07/031/2020. To comment on this metric please see [Issue #329](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-evolution/issues/329). Following the comment period this metric will be included in the next regular release._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_This metric is a release candidate. The 30 day comment period for this metric begins on 07/01/2020 and ends on 07/31/2020. To comment on this metric please see [Issue #329](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-evolution/issues/329). Following the comment period, this metric will be included in the release._

```
